DEPLOY_GUIDE.md, before:

# Deployment Guide

## Option 1: One-Click Deploy (Recommended)

1. Go to the [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/arapgechina24-lgtm/NSSPIP).
2. Scroll to the **Deploy with Vercel** button in the README.
3. Click it. Vercel will ask to clone the repo to your account.
4. When prompted for Environment Variables, you MUST provide:
   - `DATABASE_URL`: Connection string for your PostgreSQL database (Use [Neon.tech](https://neon.tech) or Vercel Postgres for a free one).

## Option 2: Manual Vercel Dashboard

1. Go to [Vercel Dashboard](https://vercel.com/dashboard).
2. Click **Add New...** > **Project**.
3. Select `NSSPIP`.
4. In **Environment Variables**:
   - Add `DATABASE_URL`.
5. Click **Deploy**.

## Database Setup (Crucial)

Since Vercel is serverless, you cannot use the local SQLite file easily for writing data.

1. Create a free Postgres database on [Neon.tech](https://neon.tech).
2. Copy the connection string (e.g., `postgres://user:pass@ep-xyz.aws.neon.tech/neondb...`).
3. Paste it as `DATABASE_URL` in Vercel.
4. Once deployed, run the schema push locally to update the remote DB:

   ```bash
   # In your local terminal
   export DATABASE_URL="your-neon-connection-string"
   npx prisma db push
   npm run seed
   ```

Commit message:

docs: fix deployment guide instructions

DEPLOY_GUIDE.md, after:

# Deployment Guide

## 🚀 The Easiest Way: Admin Dashboard Import

Since you already have the code on GitHub, you don't need to "Clone" it. You just need to **Import** it.

1. **Log in to Vercel**: Go to [vercel.com/dashboard](https://vercel.com/dashboard).
2. **Add New Project**: Click the **"Add New..."** button (top right) -> Select **"Project"**.
3. **Select Repository**:
    * You should see `NSSPIP` in the list of your repositories.
    * Click the **Import** button next to it.
4. **Configure Project**:
    * **Project Name**: Leave as `nsspip` (or whatever it suggests).
    * **Framework Preset**: It should auto-detect `Next.js`.
    * **Root Directory**: Leave as `./`.
5. **Environment Variables (Crucial)**:
    * Expand the **"Environment Variables"** section.
    * **Key**: `DATABASE_URL`
    * **Value**: *[Your Connection String]*
        * *Example*: `postgres://username:password@ep-shiny-glade.aws.neon.tech/neondb...`
        * (You must get this from a database provider like [Neon.tech](https://neon.tech) or Vercel Postgres).
6. **Deploy**: Click **Deploy**.

## Database Setup (Post-Deployment)

Once deployed, populate your cloud database:

```bash
# In your local terminal
export DATABASE_URL="<your-cloud-connection-string>"
npx prisma db push
npm run seed
```
